# CS-340-Client-Server-Development

1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
   - To write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable I always do three things: make sure the code is approprietely spaced, add comments to explain each section of code, and correct any errors before deployment. The advantages of creating an adapatble PythonCRUD mocdule are that I can slightly change it to be used for future projects. This module features core functions that can be utilized for any other database management application. 
1. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
   - As a computer scientist, I approach problems by viewing them from the top down. First, I analyze the requirements and who the users will be. Next, I gather resources and familiarize myself with necessary programs. Then, I begin developing the code in sections. For example, I developed the CRUD module seperate from the dashboard but was able to implement it when needed. Last, I test for any bugs.
1. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
   - Computer scientists design, develop, and analyze software and hardware used to solve problems in business, industry, scientific, and social fields. Technology is becoming increasingly more integrated into everyday life, the job of a computer scientist is becoming more important.For Grazioso Salvare, a simple program such as this can help them sort through raw data and filter for their specific needs.
